(J/Weav)
Ooh, yea yea
DTP, how we do
Call you and you can call me
Whatever you wanna do baby

(Chorus - J/Weav & (Chingy):)
(You, could, roll, wit, me)
Gimme a call if you wanna come roll with me
(If you was my baby)
I'm only one call away 
(You, could, roll, wit, me)
Gimme a call if you wanna come roll with me
(If you was my lady)
I'm only one call away (2x)

(Chingy)
It was weird how we met, huh
She was wit her mom in Bank America
I'm wit my son cashin the check
So I asked outta respect (uh)
Would she like to explore the world up high
We can fly in my jet
Her reply was Yes, can I ask you somethin'?
I seen it in her eye, mama lookin like all I wanted was sex
Then moved to the next (that ain't true) but it was something
About this girl's style that make me feel no regrets
We started off casual; walks through the park
Candle light dinners by dark, I'm thinkin smart (smart)
Afraid she might think I'm in a rush
To touch, crush and be up, but baby I ain't on that stuff
Dropped her off and told her call me up, we can talk
Conversate about political subjects whatever's thought
So I zoomed off, lookin by and my phone rang
It was her in the shower, (she said) she said I couldn't do without ya
Then I said. . .

(Chorus)

(Chingy)
The next day I'm with the fellas at the cage playing ball
Here she comes wit her friends they posted up on the wall
Now I'm showing off, tryna dunk tryna dribble break fast
Through the middle just to see her smile and giggle
Game over I approched her wit a kiss on the cheek
The homeboys lookin at me sayin Lil Howard you weak
But you know how that go, what I got they want
What I got I flaunt, never mess wit it, please don't
Told her I'm going home she asked can she go too
I'm like Yeah boo, I can't see me without you
Got thurr, I took a shower jumped out she in the bed
With a see-through thong said I looked at her and said. . .

(Chorus)

(Chingy)
Girl recognize game, before game recognize you
You're dealin wit a player, true
Now whatchu wanna do?
We can kick it and go puff on a bluuunt
Oh you don't smoke? Grab a pint of Hen' then we can get druuunk
It's up to you, I'm the man but baby just let me know
Cuz if you got an attitude I could treat you just like a hoe
Get to rollin wit me baby, hop in there's enough room
We can gaze at the stars that shine like the moon
Gimme a chance to show ya, and a chance to know ya
Just be true, and there's nothing I won't do, for ya
Some women like to play it foul (foul)
But them the kind I put in the place of a child (child)
Don't worry be happy and smile and. . .

(Chorus 2x)

(J/Weav)
DTP, how we do
Gimme a call if you wanna ball