Spoken:
I don't know, dude...
I think everybody's all jealous and shit...
'Cause, I'm like, the lead singer of a band, dude...
And I think everybody's got a fuckin' problem with me, dude...
And they need to take it up with me after the show, because...



These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
'Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

Eminem:
So I get off stage right, drop the mic
Walk up to these hot chicks and I'm all like
What's up ladies, my name's Slim Shady
I'm the lead singer in D12, baby
They're all like "Oh my God, it's him
Becky, oh my fuckin' God, it's Eminem
I swear to fuckin' God, dude, you fuckin' rock
Please won't you please let me suck your cock"
And by now the rest of the fellas get jealous
Especially when I drop the beat and do my A Capella's
All the chicks start yellin', all the hot babes
Throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage
So like every single night they pick a fight with me
But when we fight it's kinda like sibling rivalry
'Cause they're back on stage the next night with me
Dude, I just think you're tryna steal the light from me
Yesterday Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me
Because I told him Jessica Alba's my wife-to-be
This rock star shit, it's the life for me
And all the other guys just despise me because

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

My band, my band
My band, my band
My band, my band
My band, my band
My band, baby yeah!

Swifty: Alright, ok,  alright man, give me that mic man, ok, daw...gi...come on..
Eminem: Dude!
Swifty: Give me this mic!
Eminem: Ah, dude?

Swifty:
You just wanna see a nigga backwards, don't you?
Hey dad how come we don't rap off Pro Tools?
Smash these vocals and do a performance
But we in the van and he in a tour bus
You don't want my autograph, yous a liar
And no, I'm Swift ("Oh, I thought you was Kuniva")
What the hell is wrong with that dressing room?
Cause our shit is lookin' smaller than a decimal
See I know how to rap, (uh-huh) it's simple but,
All I did was read a Russell Simmons book
So I'm more intact, tryna get on the map
Doin' jumpin' jacks while get whipped on my back

Kuniva and Kon Artis:
Kuniva: Look at Em, little punk ass, thinkin' he the shit
Kon: Yeah, I know, man, by himself takin' on a flick
Kuniva: Hey, I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue
Eminem: No I had an interview, not you two
Kuniva: You gonna be late for sound check
Kon: Man I ain't goin' to sound check
Kuniva: Man our mics are screwed up
Kon: And his always sound best.. You know what man I'ma say somethin'
Kuniva: Hey yo, Em
Eminem: You got somethin' to say
Kon: Man, nothin'
Kuniva: I thought you 'bout to tell him off, man, what's up
Kon: Man I'ma tell him when I feel like it man shut up. And you ain't even back me up when we supposed to be crew
Kuniva: Man, I was 'bout to talk right after you, I swear
Kon: Man, whatever
Kuniva: I swear man

These chicks don't even know the name of my band,
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands,
'Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man,
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

Proof:
They say the lead singers rock, but the group does not
Went from sold out arenas to amusement parks
How I'm gon' let the world know that Proof is hot
I should cut his mic off when the music starts
(Eminem: Hey yo, what's....)
Ready to snap on a dumb ass fan
Every time I hear
"Hey dude, I love your band"
We ain't a band, bitch, we don't play instruments
So why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent
And these guys actin' funny every area code
(Eminem: Proof, carry my bag)
Bitch, carry your own
Can't make it to the stage, security in my way
("Who the fuck are you? Where's Obie and Dre?!")

Bizarre:
God dammit, I'm sick of this group
Time for me to go solo and make some loot
I told you I made the beats and wrote all the raps
'Till Kon Artis, slipped me some crack
Lose Yourself video, I was in the back
Superman video, I was in the back
For the media, I got some suggestions
Fuck Marshall, ask us some questions
Like "Who is D12?" "How we get started?"
"But what about Eminem?"
Bitch, are you retarded
Anyway, I'm the popularest guy in the group
Big ass stomach, bitches think I'm cute
"Hey sexy"
50 told me to do sit-ups to get buff
Did two and a half and couldn't get up (Uhh!)
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band
I'm 'bout start a group with the real Roxanne

Eminem:
Girl why can't you see you're the only one for me
And it just tears my ass apart to know that you don't know my name

Man, fuck this
These chicks don't even know the name of my band (ha ha)
But they all on me like they wanna hold hands (Fuck Marshall)
Cause once I blow I know that I'll be the man (yeah)
All because I'm the lead singer...
My Band
My Band (The Band)
My Band (Our Band)
My Band (The Band)
My Band (You Man)
My Band (You Man)
My Band (Roxanne)
My Band (Shantan)
My Band (Lets do it)

The hottest boy band in the world... D12!

Eminem:
I'm the lead singer of my band, I get all the girls to take off their underpants
I'm the lead singer of my band, my salsa
Makes all the pretty girls want to dance
My salsa (wooo ohhh), look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa"
My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, my salsa
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants, my salsa

Where'd everybody go?