
Uh, uh, whooo, the bounce is back
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, uh, your boy is back
(Sexy sexy) I know y'all miss the bounce
Y'Need the bounce for the sexy you know
Let's get it in...


Yeah ma, your dude is back, 
The Maybach roof is back
Tell the whole world the truth is back
You ain't got to argue about who could rap
Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps
New York, New York! yeah where my troopers at?
Where my hustlers? where my boosters at?
I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued you back to the wall
You gotta brawl through that 
I been through that, 
been shot at shoot back
Gotta keep it peace like a buddhist
I ain't a New Jack nobody 'gon Wesley Snipe me
It's less than likely, move back
Let I breathe Jedi knight
The more space I get the better I write
(Oh) Never I write, but, if, ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just


(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to deatth I brought you from the projects
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go)
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitution) It's just me


And I 'gon tell you again let's get ghost in the Phantom
You could bring your friend we could make this a tandem
You could come by yourself and you could stand him
Best believe I sweat out weaves, 
Give afropuffs like R.A.G.E.
"Haa-u-git"* if you could move it
Back it on up like a U-Haul truck
Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi now shit
He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music
He is to the east coast what Snoop is, 
to the west coast what Face is to Houston
Young Hov in the house it's so necessary
No bra with the blouse it's so necessary
No panties and jeans that's so necessary
Now why you frontin on me? is that necessary?
Do I, to you, look like a lame
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game
Whose up on Dot Dot Dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane? let's just
(Woman speaking: What you want me to do?)




Uh, uh (Sexy sexy) Woo! (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh (Sexy sexy) It's so necessary me (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh, woo! (Sexy sexy) That's right it's a groove (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh, it's a groove (Sexy sexy) bring it back (Ah ah!!!!)
Young Hovi in the house it's so necessary
No bra with that blouse it's so necessary
No panties and jeans it's so necessary
Why you frontin on me?


Let's go to my hotel cause this don't go well
With those S Dots, try to stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy
Oh no ma please respect ma
Jiggy this is probably Purple Label
Or that BBC or it's probably tailored
But y'all niggas actin way to tough
Throw on a suit get it tapered up, and let's just



