(Reporter):
Hello, everyone, this is your action news reporter with all the news
that is news across the nation, on the scene at the supermarket.  There
seems to have been some disturbance here.  Pardon me, sir, did you see
what happened?

(Witness):
Yeah, I did.  I's standin' overe there by the tomaters, and here he
come, running through the pole beans, through the fruits and vegetables,
nekkid as a jay bird.  And I hollered over t' Ethel, I said, "Don't
look, Ethel!"  But it's too late, she'd already been incensed.

(Chorus)
Here he comes, look at that, look at that
There he goes, look at that, look at that
And he ain't wearin' no clothes

Oh yes, they call him the Streak
(Look at that, look at that)
Fastest thing on two feet
(Look at that, look at that)
He's just as proud as he can be
Of his anatomy
He goin' give us a peek

Oh, yes, they call him the Streak
(Look at that, look at that)
He likes to show off his physique
(Look at that, look at that)
If there's an audience to be found
He'll be streakin' around
Invitin' public critique

(Reporter):
This is your action news reporter once again and we're here at the gas
station.  Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?

(Witness):
Yeah, I did.  I's just in here gettin my car checked, he just appeared
out of the traffic.  Come streakin' around the grease rack there, didn't
have nothin' on but a smile.  I looked in there, and Ethel was gettin'
her a cold drink.  I hollered, "Don't look, Ethel!"  But it was too
late.  She'd already been mooned.  Flashed her right there in front of
the shock absorbers.

(Chorus)
He ain't crude, look at that, look at that
He ain't lewd, look at that, look at that
He's just in the mood to run in the nude

Oh, yes, they call him the Streak
(Look at that, look at that)
He likes to turn the other cheek
(Look at that, look at that)
He's always makin' the news
Wearin' just his tennis shoes
Guess you could call him unique

(Reporter):
Once again, your action news reporter in the booth at the gym, covering
the disturbance at the basketball playoff.  Pardon me, sir, did you see
what happened?

(Witness):
Yeah, I did.  Half time, I's just goin' down thar to get Ethel a snow
cone.  And here he come, right out of the cheap seats, dribbling, right
down the middle of the court.  Didn't have on nothing but his PF's.
Made a hook shot and got out through the concessions stand.  I hollered up
at Ethel, I said, "Don't look, Ethel!"  But it was too late.  She'd
already got a free shot.  Grandstandin', right there in front of the
home team.

(Chorus)                                         (Witness):
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak      Here he comes again.
(Look at that, look at that)              Who's that with him?
The fastest thing on two feet            Ethel?  Is that you, Ethel?
(Look at that, look at that)          What do you think you're
He's just as proud as he can be        doin'?  You git your
Of his anatomy                               clothes on!
He's gonna give us a peek

Oh, yes, they call him the Streak      Ethel!  Where you goin'?
(Look at that, look at that)             Ethel, you shameless
He likes to show off his physique       hussy!  Say it isn't so,
(Look at that, look at that)            Ethel!  Ethelllllll!!!
If there's an audience to be found
He'll be streakin' around
Invitin' public critique