Snoop Dogg and Kurupt:
Da da da da da
It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg)
Da da da da da
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)
(You know who's back up in this motherfucker) What, what, what, what?
(So blaze the weed up then) Blaze it up, blaze it up
(Blaze that shit up, nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop?)

Snoop Dogg:
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn that shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party fo' sho'
Slip my hoe a 44 when she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swingin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin', crip-walk if you're down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out o' town, put it down for the father of rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut your trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S, you'll be relievin' your stress

Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, and Kurupt:
(Da da da da da)
It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E. (Dr. Dre, motherfucker)
(Da da da da da)
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

Dr. Dre:
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Wood Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel, whoopty-whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'lac (In the 'lac)
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (What hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the Westside (Westside)
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang o' pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin' to poke on (What's up bitch?)
Loc', it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

Nate Dogg:
Hold up
Hey, for my niggas who be thinkin' we soft
We don't play, we gon' rock it till the wheels fall off
Hold up
Hey, for my niggas who be actin' too bold
Take a seat, hope you ready for the next episode
Hey

Smoke weed everyday