Mmm! Mmm, mmm, mmm
Oooh-OOOH!

(Hook - repeat 2X)
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you workin with

(Verse 1)
I came here with my dick in my hand
Don't make me leave here with my foot in yo' ass; be cool
And don't worry bout how I'm rippin this shit
When I'm flippin what I'm kickin nigga, that's just what I do
I'm effervesecet and I'm off that crescent
Nastier than a full grown German Shepherd; motherfucker keep steppin
They don't fuck with me and they don't
Y'all bitches cant catch me and you won't
Pay ya fare, fix ya hair, throw that pussy
Got Prada for my boonapalist, and (??) from Debussy(??)
You think I'm trickin? Bitch, I ain't trippin
I'm buyin if you got nice curves for your iceberg
Drinkin Henn and actin like it do somethin to me
Hope this indecent proposal make you do somethin with me
Fuck a dollar girl, pick up fifty
And fuck that coward you need a real nigga
Off top knick-a-boxers hurtin shit
Bend over hoe; show me what you workin with!

(Hook)

(Chorus)
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (shake ya ass)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (watch yourself)
Now this ain't fun, no smoke or tease
No sir cuz that won't pass (show me whatcha workin with)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass 

(Hook)

(Verse 2)
I like my women fire like CAY-ENNE!!
Chocolate and bowlegged - when I'm runnin up behind her!!
Go head get ya pop-a-lock let the cock out
For girl don't lie you know you wanna go back to my house
"The Man Right Chea" wanna get under that dress right there
You spicy cajun we gon' a good time over there
You better suck the head on them there crawfish
And you gotta bend all the way over to dance off this
Handle yo' business but I know you do it way better, you dead wrong
So if you talkin bout how niggaz make noise when you pass by 
get yo' fine ass on the floor girl this yo' fuckin song!
Do yo' thang dont be scared, cause you gon' get served
You get mine then you gon' get yours
Bout to make yo' ass love it
Raise it up, show the G-string hustlin hustlin

(Chorus)

(Hook)

(Verse 3)
Stop yo' cryin heffer, I don't need all that 
I got a job for you - the braided up pimp is back
Break them handcuffs, fuck you nigga move somethin 
And if they ask you what you doin say, "Ooohh nuttin!"
And we been doin for the past 2 somethin
And I've been beatin that pussy up now it's smooth fuckin
You can betcha bottom dollar; if that pussy fire
you gon' holla Michael Tyler!
So don't act like you don't be backin that stuff up
Girl in the club, cause that's what you got ass for
Wobble wobble I'm infatuated
Bitch ride a dick like she makin a baby
And I see that we gon' have to go to a quiet corner for just us two an'
Don't worry about who lookin, just keep on doin what you doin
Cause a nigga like me gon' get to work before I know the girl
Bitch whats happnin, let 'em see, show the world!

(Chorus)

(Hook)

Uhh.. OOOH-WEE! Good lawd!
Damn!