2Pac (Spoken):
There's gon' be some stuff you gon' see, that's gon' make it hard to smile in the future.
But through whatever you see, through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor.
You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit.
Remember that.
Mmm, yeah.
So keep ya head up.
Yeah.



Our lifestyles be closed-captioned
Addicted to fatal attractions
Pictures of actions be played back
In the midst of mashin'

No fairy tales, for this young black male
Some see me stranded in this land of hell, jail and crack sales
Hustlin' and heart be a nigga culture
Or the repercussions while bustin' on backstabbin' vultures

Sellin' my soul for material wishes, fast cars and bitches
Wishin' I live my life a legend, immortalized in pictures
Why shed tears, save your sympathy
My childhood years were spent buryin' my peers in the cemetery

Here's a message to the newborns, waitin' to breathe
If you believe then you can achieve, just look at me
Against all odds, though life is hard we carry on
Livin' in the projects, broke with no lights on

To all the seeds that follow me
Protect your essence
Born with less, but you still precious
Just smile for me now

Johnny P & 2Pac :
Smile for me , won't you smile (Smile for me now)
Just smile (Smile), smile for me (What ya lookin' all sad for? Nigga you black, smile for me now)
Smile for me (Nigga you ain't got nothin' to be worried about)
Won't you smile (No doubt, smile for me now) just smile for me (And the next generation)

Scarface:
Now as I open up my story, with the blaze o' your blunts
And you can picture thoughts slowly, upon phrases I wrote
And I can walk you through the days that I done
I often wish that I could save everyone, but I'm a dreamer

Have you ever seen a nigga who was strong in the game
Overlookin' his tomorrows and they finally came
Look back on childhood memories and I'm still feelin' the pain
Turnin' circles in my life came to dealin' cocaine

To many hassles in my local life, survivin' the strain
And a man without a focus, life could drive him insane
Stuck inside a ghetto fantasy, hopin' it'd change
But when I focus on reality, we broke and in chains

Had a dream of livin' wealthy and makin' it big
Over foot broad chose to cook raw, wouldn't take but I did
And after all my momma's thankin' God for blessin' the child
All my momma gots to do now, is collect it and smile

Smile for me, won't you smile
Just smile, smile for me
Smile, for me
Won't you smile, for me 

2Pac:
Fuck the world as we elope and witness furious speeds
Unanswered questions keep us all stressin', curious G's
Backstabbed and bleedin', crooked thoughts laced with weed
Learnin', duckin' stray shots, bullets be hot, they burnin'

Inhalin' sherm smoke, visualized the flames
Will I be smothered by my own pain
Strange whispers, cowards conversate, so quick to diss us
Takin' pictures for the feds in desperate hopes they'd get us

Hit us off, give us plenty centuries, forgive my sins
Since I ain't in many penitenturies the best revenge
Is fuck friends, we military minded soldiers
Bustin' shots blindly, tryin' to find Jehovah

To help me, somebody save me, lost and crazy
Scared to drop a seed hopin' I ain't cursed my babies
Maybe now niggas feel me now, picture my pain
Embrace my words make the world change, and still I smile nigga

Scarface (Spoken):
And now a moment of silence, let us pray.
And as you journey into outer-space, may the angels help to lead the way.
May the prayers that the families made, shine up on your soul to keep you safe.
And all the homies that done passed away, be there to greet you as you pass the gates.
And as you headed to the tunnel's light, I hope it leads to eternal life.
Can we say a prayer for our homie 'Pac?

Smile

(Smile for me)
(All ya need to do is smile)
(Woooo smile for me)
(Come on smile for me)