I wear a mean dark pair of shades
And you can't see my eyes unless my head is bent, you dig?

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building)
We stay fly, No Lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

Ya boy gettin' paper (Money), I buy big cars (Foreign)
I need fly rides to drive in my garage (Choose one)
Stay sky high (Twisted), Fly wit the stars (Twinkle ,Twinkle)
G4 Flights , 80 grand large (Ballin'!)
So we lean with it, pop with it (Bankhead)
'Vertible Jones, mean with the top missing (Flossin')
I'm sitting clean with the bottom kitted (do it)
I hopped out saggy jeans and my rock glistening (Ballin'!)
But I spent bout 8 grand
Mami on stage doing the rain dance (I think she like me)
She let it hit the floor, made it pop (What else?)
Got my pedal to the floor screaming "fuck the cops"

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building)
We stay fly, No Lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

Slow down, tonight may be gone tomorrow (One chance)
So I speed through life like there's no tomorrow (Speeding)
100 g's worth of ice on the audermar? (Flossy)
And we in the street life until they call the law (Ballin'!)
I made the whip get naked (What happened?)
While I switch gears, bitch lookin' at the bracelet (Got em)
Step out, show me what you all about
Flashbacks of last night of me ballin' out (Harlem!)
1 a.m.: we was at the club (What happened?)
2 a.m.: 10 bottles of bub (Money ain't a thing)
And about 3-something I was thinking about grub
So I stumbled to the car, threw the drinks and the drugs (Twisted)

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building)
We stay fly, No Lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

Nigga, could you buy that?
I keep 20 in the pocket (Light Change)
Talk a buck 80 If the bentley is the topic (That Grey Poupon)
But of course gotta fly ...? (Where?)
To the hood to roll dice on the side of the curb
But I know a G a bet may sound absurd (Get Your Money Up)
Drive 80 up Lenox cause I got an urge (Speeding)
The rap game like the crack game
Lifestyles, rich and famous living in the fast lane (Ballin'!)
So when I bleep, shorty bleep back
Lou' Vuitton belt where I'mma keep all the heat strapped
I beat the trial over Rucker (Let's do it!)
All guns loaded and I'm back, motherfucker (Dipset)

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building)
We stay fly, No Lie, you know this (Ballin'!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

You niggas need to stay focus
When you're dealin' with a motherfuckin' G
You know my name, Jones, One Eye, Capo Status
Only above motherfucka
This Dipset ByrdGang We Born To Fly
Ya'll know the rules fall back or fall back
Someone tell my bitch Summer I'm lookin' for her
Ya dig, another day another dollar
Fast life fucker