Aye! aye
Teach me how to dougie

They be like smooth (what?)
Can u teach me how to dougie?
You know why?
Cause all da bitches love me
All I need is a beat that's super bumpin
And for you, you, and you to back it up and dump it
Put your arms out front, lean side to side
They gona be on you when they see you hit dat dougie right?
Aint nobody fuckin wit my bro from morningside
He go by bubba and he hit dat dance wit thunder
I aint from dallas but I d-town boogie
I show my moves off and everybody tryna do me
I leave da function and all da ladies tryna screw me
You just do you and ima do me (all day)
Niggas love to hate so they try to screw me
Bitches be stuck to me I think they tryna glue me
I make the party shine bright when it start to boomin
Dis beat was bubblegum so I had to chew it

Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
All my bitches love me
All my, all my bitches love me
All my bitches love me
You aint fuckin wit my dougie

My name is young
For da dudes who don't know me
I know I'm from da west but I can teach you how to dougie
I step up in da club and all these bitches bug me
All da niggas dancin and none of them know me
I hear da crowd screamin like "aye! get it brody!"
So I'm on my shoulders and I take it real low
Dey like "how he do dat? he can dougie on the floor"
And when dat nigga stop they like "dougie somemore!"
I'm like a nigga kinda tired so, I pass it to da bro
M-bone! show these cats how to do dat down south dance
Dat we learned a lil too fast and bought it to da hood
And got da whole crew ass

Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
All my bitches love me
All my, all my bitches love me
All my bitches love me
You aint fuckin wit my dougie

Back of the party i don't really like to boogie
I'm just tryna get bent and meet a thick redbone
She do her dougie and all them bitches hatin but I'm bout
To escape with a bitch and head home (fuck it)
She got her friends so its a two man and
And I wanna run it even if her legs long
She like you hubby, I think she love me but
I change da subject and I do my dougie
Cuz, i don't give a fuck, blow trees, get money
Me, smooth, hef in the back with playboy bunnies
We gon make em do the dougie in the middle of da bed
And when I asked for some head da bitch looked at me funny
Daaah! bitch you can't tell me nothin starr made the beat
I just took it out the oven, I just see the dougie when everybody
Clubbin and I hate skinny jeans cuz da burner keep rubbin!