Just like music..

Uh-huh, aiyyo yo, uh-huh yeah yeah, uh uh uh
There's no doubt, no doubt, no doubt, uh
Worrdd up..

Ahhh babyyy..
Just like music..

To relax my mind, so I can be free
And ab-sorb sound that keep me 'round
Doin my thang, constantly with no worries
Peace to Keith Murray.. ("just like music")
To keep me flowin and keep me goin
and keep me growin, and keep me the E from knowin
What happens out there, is not my concern
You wanna die it's not my turn ("just like music")
To do somethin to me like jump in the Mercedes
On the highway, doin over eighty
Without music baby.. ("Oww! I'll go crazy.. just like music")
Make me call my homey on the phone
Like there's somethin new out, that got me in the zone
Just that feelin, got me
I wish music can adopt me ("just like music")

(Chorus: Marvin Gaye)
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music

Put me in the mood with my woman
Got me in the ear, sayin sweet nothings
Make love come out the mouth, no frontin
Like all of a sudden, ("just like music")
Takin away your worries and cares
Any problems, music'll be right there
Together match yo, we a perfect pair
Is that true Marvin?  ("Yeahhhhh!  Music")
Yo, to get you to bang this
Body soul-snatcher, universal language
It be the light, so open up
This is it, what the fuck? ("just like music")
One fly tune
That have black and white vibe in one room
No confrontation, parlay all night
It's just the sensation ("just like music")

(Chorus)

(Marvin Gaye)
Music is the soul of the man
Music makes a, happy day
Music makes a, cloud flow by baby
Your music is my tears in-side my eyes (just like music)
Your music makes me want to sing
Girl music, is a joy to bring (just like music)
Music is my heart and soul, more precious than gold
(Turn on some music, I got my music)
Happiness for days, justice all the way
(Turn on some music, I got my music)
I love your music baby (I got my music)
(Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music)
Hey (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music..

{*fades out*}