
I'm the fuckin' man, y'all don't get it, do ya?
Type of money, everybody acting like they knew ya
Go Uptown, New York City, bitch
Some Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura

Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami, too
Clubbing hard, fuckin' women, there ain't much to do
Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shit changed

How you feel? How you feel? How you feel?
25 sittin' on 25 mil
I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself
Rest in peace Mac Dre, imma do it for the Bay

Okay, getting paid, we'll holler whenever that stop
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Tell Tune, "Light one, pass it like a relay."
YMCMB, you niggas more YMCA

Me, Franny, and Mally Mall at the crib-o
Shout goes out to Niko, J, and Chubbs, shouts to Gibbo
We got Santa Margherita by the liter
She know even if I'm fucking with her, I don't really need her

That's how you feel, man? That's really how you feel?
'Cause the pimpin' ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
I mean maybe she won't but then again maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she know the deal, real nigga, what's up?

Now she want a photo, you already know though
You only live once: that's the motto nigga, YOLO
And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't seem 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?


One... time? Fuck one time
I'm calling niggas out like the umpire
Seven... grams in the blunt
Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt

It's Eastside, we in this bitch
Wish a nigga would, like a tree in this bitch
And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
That's my MO, add a B to that shit

I'm fucked up, torn down
I'm twisted: door knob
Talk stupid? Off with your head!
Nigga money talks, and Mr. Ed

I'm so Young Money got a drum on the gun
Energizer bunny
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar
Ain't shit sweet? Niggas on the street like hookers

I tongue kiss her other tongue
Skeet skeet skeet: water gun
Oh my God, Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi


Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto nigga, YOLO
And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't seem 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?


Real nigga, what's up?


Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto nigga, YOLO
And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't seem 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?