Some nights, I stay up cashing in my bad luck
Some nights, I call it a draw
Some nights, I wish that my lips could build a castle
Some nights, I wish they'd just fall off

But I still wake up, I still see your ghost
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for oh
What do I stand for? What do I stand for?
Most nights, I don't know anymore

Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh

This is it, boys, this is war
What are we waiting for?
Why don't we break the rules already?

I was never one to believe the hype
Save that for the black and white
I try twice as hard and I'm half as liked
But here they come again to jack my style

And that's alright
I found a martyr in my bed tonight
She stops my bones from wondering just who I am, who I am, who I am
Oh, who am I? mmm, mmm

Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end
'Cause I could use some friends for a change
And some nights, I'm scared you'll forget me again
Some nights, I always win, I always win

But I still wake up, I still see your ghost
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for, oh
What do I stand for? What do I stand for?
Most nights, I don't know (come on)

So this is it? I sold my soul for this?
Washed my hands of that for this?
I miss my mom and dad for this?

No. When I see stars, when I see, when I see stars, that's all they are
When I hear songs, they sound like a swan, so come on
Oh, come on
Oh, come on
Oh, come on

Well, this is it guys, that is all
Five minutes in and I'm bored again
Ten years of this, I'm not sure if anybody understands

This one is not for the folks at home
Sorry to leave, mom, I had to go
Who the fuck wants to die alone
All dried up in the desert sun?

My heart is breaking for my sister
And the con that she call "love"
But when I look into my nephew's eyes
Man, you wouldn't believe the most amazing things that can come from

Some terrible nights
Ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh

Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh

The other night, you wouldn't believe the dream I just had about you and me
I called you up, but we'd both agree

It's for the best you didn't listen
It's for the best we get our distance, oh
It's for the best you didn't listen
It's for the best we get our distance, oh