Party rock! Yeah! Whoo! Let's go!

Party rock is in the house tonight
Everybody just have a good time (yeah)
And we gon' make you lose your mind (whoo!)
Everybody just have a good time (clap)

Party rock is in the house tonight (oh)
Everybody just have a good time (and the feeling's alright)
And we gon' make you lose your mind (yeah)
We just wanna see ya shake dat!

In the club, party rock
Lookin' for ya girl, she on my jock, huh
Non-stop when we in the spot
Booty movin' way like she own the block, whoo

Where the drink? I gots to know
Tight jeans, tattoo, 'cause I'm rock 'n' roll
Half-black half-white domino
Gain the money - Op-e-doe

Yo, I'm runnin' through these hoes like Drano
I got that devilish flow, rock 'n' roll, no halo
We party rock! Yeah, that's the crew that I'm reppin'
On the rise to the top, no "Led" in our "Zeppelin", hey

Party rock is in the house tonight (whoo)
Everybody just have a good time (yeah)
And we gon' make you lose your mind
Everybody just have a good time (let's go)

Party rock is in the house tonight
Everybody just have a good time (and we feelin' right)
And we gon' make you lose your mind
We just wanna see ya shake dat!

Everyday I'm shufflin'
Shufflin', shufflin'

Step up fast
And be the first girl to make me throw this cash
We gettin' money, don't be mad
And now stop - ...hatin' is bad

One more shot for us, another round
Please fill up my cup, don't mess around
We just wanna see you shake it now
Now you're home with me, you're naked now

Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound
Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound
Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound (whoo)
Put your hands up to the sound
Put your hands up to the sound (let's go)

Get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up (yeah)

Get up, put your hands up to the sound
To the sound (whoo!)
Put your hands up, put your hands up
Put your hands up, put your hands up

Party rock is in the house tonight (put your hands up) (whoo)
Everybody just have a good time (put your hands up)
And we gon' make you lose your mind
Everybody just have a good-good-good time

Oh (put your hands up)
Oh (I can feel it man)
Oh (put your hands up)
Oh (put your hands up)

Shake dat!
Everyday I'm shuff-fuf-fullin'
Put your, put your
Put your, put your (yeah!)
Put your, put your (whoo)

Put your, put your
..your hands up
..your hands up
Put your hands up
Every day I'm shufflin'