
Hey yo Mase, you know what I don't like? 
(Why you over there lookin' at me) 
I don't like when, you know, I'm in a club 
(Why you over there lookin' at me) 
And I'm with my honey 
(Why you over there lookin' at me)
You got, you know, the haters 
They wanna be tough guys all of the sudden 

 - Why you over there lookin' at me
While my girl standin' here
Why you over there lookin' at me
While my girl standin' here



Hit you with the ice grill, you know 
Hehe, cause you boys ain't with you 
Little do they know, your girl roll harder than 
Some of yo niggas
Dig? 

 
Now what the hell is you lookin' for? 
Can't a young man get money anymore? 
Let my pants sag down to the floor 
Really do it matter as long as I score? 
Can't my car look better than yours? 
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws 
Come to see me without no drawers
In a stretch Lex with about ten doors? 
How is murder? 
P. Diddy name me pretty 
Did it for the money, now can you get with me? 
People wanna know who is he, he get busy 
Spray so much izzy, girls get dizzy 
Niggas on the block know Mase motto 
One thing about Harlem World, we all got dough 
98' Tahoe, Tommy and a Roscoe 
Case I'm every chased by a Donny Brascoe 



 
Yo, I can't get mad cuz you look at me 
Cuz on the real, look at me 
Yo, it always be the haters that be sittin' in the rear 
Dissin' every gear, but they better listen here 
You cats keepin' it real, you cats is on yo own 
Cuz bein' broke and alone is something I can't condone 
Plus it won't be long till they send me the dome
Sit gently, while I'm on the Bentley phone 
Why you don't like me? 
Cuz I'm mad fly and icy? 
And why you can't satisfy yo wifey 
And if it wasn't for this Bad Boy exposure 
CD, TV's, really would I know ya 
Now me and blink float in the gold Rover 
So it's only right you get the cold shoulder 
And if you got a girl, don't be real committed 
Cuz Mase will hit it, you got to deal with it 





Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on)
Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on)
Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on)
Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on)
We don't stop

 
We was all at the Greek fest, it's hot and sandy 
I rent scooters, I'm with my family 
Tank top, flip flop, really nothing fancy 
But get approached by a girl named Tammy 
Who looked good enough to be Miss Miami 
But say, since some her peeps call her Candy 
Than she starts to ask about Aaliyah and Brandy 
Tellin' me how she met Puff down at the Grammy's 
He ain't tell you I was the one with no panties? 
Boo, you know how many he meet with no panties? 
Please, tell me something that I don't know 
Like if we have sex, you don't want dough
And if it's not a problem you can meet me at 10 
I'll be in room 112 and bring four friends 
And if you gon' hit me, it gotta be a quickie 
And please no hickies, cuz wifey's with me 

