Yeah ladies I know you tired of the same old thing,
Things have become so mundane
I mean your bedroom is so cold, so cold but I'm here to tell you
I got a strategy we 'bout to heat it up.


Girl get comfortable we bout to do something you never done before
Baby not the usually tonight we gettin' unpredictable
So try to roll wit me baby... baby
I'm a make you feel like you never felt,
Girl all because you let me get unpredictable.

Baby, 1 plus 1 ain't 2 when you wit me
C aint afta A and B when you wit me
It don't make sense right now but it will
Later on when you see how I make you feel
Regular ain't in my vocabulary
When it comes to love makin be the neither is missionary
Positions, girl pick one better yet two
Never mind that we tryin' all the fun So

Girl, get comfortable we bout to do something you never done before
Yeah
Baby not the usual tonight we gettin' unpredictable
So try to roll wit me baby
Baby
I'm a make you feel like you never felt,
Girl, all because you let me get unpredictable.

I know you're use to dinner and a movie
Why not be my dinner, while makin' a movie
Do you get it get it
Do you got it got it
Good good good
Girl, I knew you would
See what I got over a lot of fellas is that I'm more creative
And soon you will see what I mean, what I mean so.

Girl, get comfortable we bout to do something you never done before
Baby not the usually tonight we gettin' unpredictable
So try to roll wit me baby... baby
I'm a make you feel like you never felt,
Girl all because you let me get unpredictable.

Ludacris
All Aboard!
The spontaneous express
Never the less always the more
From the pool table to the kitchen floor
Next stops the G spot... Luda!

I like it too baby.
Let me put a little bit of excitement
Up in yo lifestyle
You gotta know the times of the essence
I'm talkin' right now
I can get, get rid of that headache
What you doin' tonight
Some say that sex is overrated, but they just ain't doin it right
I keeps it interestin' baby just take them clothes off
I'll be yo Tylenol just take me till you dose off
Wake you up in the middle of the night and take you to another world
You'll wake up in the mornin' feelin' like another girl.

Girl get comfortable we bout to do something you never done before
Done before
Baby not the usually tonight we gettin' unpredictable
So try... So try to roll wit me baby
Baby
I'm a make you feel like you never felt,
Girl all because you let me get unpredictable.