(feat. Nelly)


Crack!  Yeah, Scott Storch y'all
Dirty, Crack!  C'mon


It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
I said it's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)


I got that plat no limit American Express card
Mami you can get whatever you like
Plus I got that all-black Phantom it's tinted on four sides
Go 'head kiss it, they can't see us inside
Mami tell me do you like - it, I know you like - it
It's written all over your face don't fight - it
You like - it, more than I like - it
So put it all over your face don't bite - it
From rags to riches, club packed with bitches
Had to bag them digits, her head game was vicious (muah)
And we can get it poppin in the bathroom
Don't be selfish ma, go ahead and pass it to him
Then we can all fuck
It's like a million on my neck, got all of these bitches all struck
Aowww!  We pissy drunk off of Seraphim
I'm up in V.I.P. and these bitches are screamin let me in


Uh, uh, uh, uh


It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
It's two up in the mornin now, and I'm tryin to go home wit'chu
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)


Ha ha, yeah, uhh, yo, uh
Get it poppin, go 'head and drop it
It's written all over your face, don't stop it
Just drop it, more like it's hot miss
Kick in the do' with the fo-fo messin with Joe
Now this chick got an ass so fat in fact I
put a drink on it and I came right back
She would never talk to a lame like that
In my ear screamin how you got a name like Crack
Crack - similar to Mike Jones
Hear my name enough, then I'm takin you home
Aowwwwww!  You know I walk with I talk with
I sleep with the chrome, one squeeze and you're gone
What I look like, not takin at least
three to six women out the club with me
Now we back to the fuck pad, call it the fuck pad
Cause all these bitches fuckin with me, talk to 'em dirty


Uh, uh, uh, uh


It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)

Well it's two up in the mornin and, them niggaz try'n hate on your crew
Nigga what'chu gon' do? (I'ma get get get it poppin)
Yeah what'chu gon' do? (I'ma get get get it poppin)


Now when them doors swing open with that awkward motion
What'chu call it - suicide, it's a suicide
And if them niggaz talk shit cause they drunk off that potion
They commitin - suicide, it's a suicide
Let's get it poppin my niggaz (Cook, yo)
I got a shotty my niggaz (oh, Lord)
I feel sorry for your mudda, give a fuck what you say
Spin your head back, promote you on a videotape


It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
It's four up in the mornin now, and I'm tryin to go home wit'chu
Girl what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
What'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin)
C'mon


Yeah, it's Crack! (What'chu gon' do)
Cafe {?}, all my people in there partyin
All the party people across the world
Ladies, "Things of that Nature"
Aowwww!