(Intro: Usher (Lil Jon))
Usher
(Lil Jon, Ludacris!!)
Yea man, once again its on (It's on)
You know we had to do it again right
(We had to do it again boy!!
I want you to sing to these niggaz man)
Uh Oh Oh Oh
I guess I'll go first
Let me at em
Check me out
Lets get em

(Usher)
Baby how you doing? hope that you're find
Want to know what you got in mind and I
Got me feeling like Jodeci girl I can't leave you alone
Take a shot of this here petron and its gon' be on
V-I-P done got way too crowded
I'm about to end up callin it a night
She should holla at your girl tell her that she came to see
Pulled off beep beep shotgun in the GT with me
She said Oooooohhhhh!! I'm ready to ride
(I was like) yea
Cause once you get inside you can't change you mind
Don't mean to sound impatient but you gotta promise baby
Ooh!!

(Chorus)
Tell me again (Tell me again my baby)
That we'll be lovers and friends
(Ohh! I gotta know baby, oh yea)
Tell me again
Make sure you're right oh before we began
That we'll be lovers and friends
(Ooh! oh its a good look baby)

(Ludacris)
Talking: (Really good look baby, look here)

Sometime wanna be your lover sometime wanna be your friend
Sometime wanna hug hold hands slow dance while the record spins
Opened up your heart cause you said I made you feel so comfortable
Used to play back then now you all grown up like Rudy Huxtable
I could be your +Bud+ you could beat me up
Play fight in the dark then we both make up
I do, anything just to feel yo butt
Why you, got me so messed up
I don't know but you gotta stop tripping
Be a good girl now turn around and get these whipping
You know you like it like that
You don't have to fight back here's a pillow bite that
And I'll be setting seperate plays
So on all these seperate days your legs can go they seperate ways

(Chorus)
Tell me again (Tell me again my baby)
That we'll be lovers and friends
(Ohh! its a good look baby)
Tell me again (Tell me over and over and over we can)
That we'll be lovers and friends
Make sure you're right before you choose

(Lil Jon)
I's been knowing you for a long time (shawty)
But fuck it never crossed my mind (shawty)
But tonight I seen something in you (shawty)
That made me wanna get with you (shawty)
You ain't been nothing but a friend to me (shawty)
And a nigga never ever dreamed it be (shawty)
Up in here kissing, hugging, screaming, touching (shawty)
Up in the bathtub rubber dubbing (shawty)
Are you sure you wanna go this route (shawty)
Let a nigga know before I pull it out (shawty)
I would never ever cross the line (shawty)
Shawty let me hit you tell me one more time
One more time

(Chorus)
Tell me again (Tell me again my baby)
That we'll be lovers and friends
(Ohh! its a good look baby)
Tell me again
(Make sure you're right oh before we leave)
That we'll be lovers and friends
(Tell me over and over and over we can)

(Usher vocalizing)

(Ludacris (Lil Jon))3x
Please tell your lovers and friends
That Ursher, Jon and Luda had to do it again (Heyy!!)