(Intro: Jay Z sample)
(Bring 'em out, Its hard to yell when the barrels in ya mouth) Swizzie!
(Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye!
(Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) T.I.
(Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye!

(Verse 1)
TIP comin live from the VIP, heard the night life lost life when I leave
Both the Feds and the State wanna see my need
The whole city got bizzerk he got treat
Anotha nigga got a hit but shawty he not me
Who set the city on fire as soon as he got freed
Da king back now hoes don't even know how to act now
Hit the club stippers gettin naked 'fore I sat down
Still ballin money stack taller than Shaq now
Still push a button to let the roof on the 'Lac down
I'm on the road doin shows puttin my mack down
Mississippi to Philly Albuquerque to Chatt Town

(Hook)
I got the crowd yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all my hotgirls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

(Verse 2)
Once again what other rap nigga hooder than this
I got rich and I'm still on some hoolagin shit
You be rappin bout blow I was movin the shit
You talkin bout shootin out and I was doin the shit
If I hit you in the face you gon be suin and shit
And if I catch anotha case I know I'm true to be missed
So I'ma keep it cool head stay out of the news
Headlines and shows other rappers its bedtime (bedtime)
It's clear to see that I'm ahead of my time
I copped a chromed out hard top Carrerra to shine
I got some time, it ain't shit cause I get better wit time
Who got a flow and a live show better than mine

(Hook)
I got a packed house yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all my hotgirls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

(Verse 3)
Mic check 1-2 1-2, you wanna beef wit the king what is you gon do
Will you show up on the scene wit 2 guns drew
Or you and ya friend and play a little two on two
If you knew half of what I knew then you'll be hittin the deck
Got a tool and a vest I can get some respect
I'ma make it hard for a sucka nigga to flex
Sho 'em this ain't the squad for a nigga to test
Pimp my nutz too large and we way too fresh
Work well wit Nines AK's and Techs
And quick to check a lame like a game of chess
You want beef you can bring ya best and we'll be standin..

(Hook - 2X)
In ya front yard yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye all my hot girls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

(Break - 2X)
Hands... In Da... Air... Now!
Hands... In Da... Air... Now!
Hands hands in the in the air air now!
Hands... In Da... Air... Now!

(Bring 'em out, bring 'em out + ad libs to the end of the track)