Chris Brown:
I don't see how you can hate from outside of the club
You can't even get in
Ha ha ha!
Let's go

Yellow model chick, yellow bottle sippin'
Yellow Lamborghini, yellow top missin'
Yeah, yeah, that shit look like a toupee
I get what you get in 10 years, in 2 days

Ladies love me, I'm on my cool J.
If you get what I get, what would you say?
She wax it all off, Mr. Miyagi
And them suicide doors, Hari Kari.

Look at me now, look at me now
Oh, I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now, oh, look at me now
Yeah, fresh than a muthafucker.

Lil' nigga bigger than gorilla
'Cause I'm killin' every nigga that can try to be on my shit
Better cuff your chick if you with her, I can get her
And she accidentally slip and fall on my dick

Oops, I said on my dick
I ain't really mean to say on my dick
But since we talkin' about my dick
All of you haters say hi to it, I'm done.

Busta Rhymes:
Ayo Breezy
Let me show you how to keep the dice rollin'
When your doin' that thing over there, homey.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye
Let's go!

'Cause I'm feelin' like I'm runnin' and I'm feelin' like I gotta
Get away, get away, get away
Better know that I don't and I won't ever stop 'cause
You know I gotta win every day day, go

She didn't really wanna pop me
Just know that you will never flop me
And I know that I can be a little cocky, no
You ain't never gonna stop me

Every time I come a nigga gotta set it, then I got it goin' then I get it
Then I blow it and then I gotta shred it
Any little thing the nigga think that he be doin'
'Cause it doesn't matter 'cause I'm gonna dada dada

Then I'm gonna murder every thing and anything
A bada boom a bada bing I gotta do a lot of things
And make it clearer to a couple niggas that I always win
And I gotta get it again and again and and again

And I be doin' it to death
And now I move a little foul, a nigga better call a ref
And everybody know my style and niggas know that I'm the best
When it comes to doin' this and I be bangin' on my chest

And I bang in the east and I'm bangin' in the west
And I come to give you more and I will never give you less
You will hear it in the street or you could read it in the press.
Do you really wanna know what's next? Let's go.

See the way we all in it, we all up in the race
And you know we gotta go, now try to keep up with the pace
And we strugglin' and hustlin' I said it and I get it
And always gotta do it take it to another place

Gotta taste it and I gotta grab it
And I gotta cut all through this traffic
Just to be at the top of the throne
Better know I gotta have it. Have it.

Chris Brown:
Look at me now, look at me now
Oh, I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now, oh, look at me now
Yeah, fresh than a muthafucker.

Lil Wayne:
Man fuck these bitch ass niggas. How y'all doin'?
I'm Lil' Tunechi, I'm a nuisance
I go stupid, I go dumb like the 3 Stooges
I don't eat sushi, I'm the shit, no I'm pollution, no substitution

Got a bitch that play in movies in my jacuzzi, pussy juicy
I never gave a fuck about a hater, got money on my radar
Dress like a skater, got a big house came with a elevator
You niggas ain't eatin'

Fuck it, tell a waiter
Marty said shoot 'em and I said okay
If you wanted bullshit then I'm like ole
I don't care what you say, so don't even speak

Your girlfriend a freak like Cirque Du Soleil
That's word to my flag and my flag red
I'm out of my head, bitch, I'm out of my mind, from the bottom I climb
You ain't hotter than mine, nope

Not on my time and I'm not even tryin'.
What's poppin' Slime? Nothin' five.
And if they trippin' fuck 'em five
I ain't got no time to shuck and jive

These niggas, they sweet as pumpkin pie
Ciroc and Sprite on a private flight
Bitch I'm enticin' guidin' light
And my pockets right and my diamonds white

And my mama's nice and my daddy's dead
You faggots scared 'cause I'm too wild, been here for a while
I was like fuck trial, I puts it down
I'm so Young Money, if you got eyes look at me now, bitch.

Chris Brown:
Look at me now, look at me now
Oh, I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now, oh, look at me now
Yeah, I'm fresher than a muthafucker.

Okay
Okay
Is that right?
I'm fresher than a muthafucker