Nicki Minaj:
I fly with the stars in the skies,
I am no longer trying to survive,
I believe that life is a prize,
But to live doesn't mean you're alive

Don't worry 'bout me and who I fire
I get what I desire, it's my empire
And yes I call the shots, I am the umpire
I sprinkle holy water upon a vampire, vampire

And this very moment I'm king
This very moment I slay Goliath with a sling,
This very moment I bring
Put it on everything that I will retire with the ring

And I will retire with the crown, yes!
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed, yes!
Clap for the heavyweight champ, me!
But I couldn't do it all alone, we!

Young Money raised me, grew up out in Paisley
Southside Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy
'Cuz I'm still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me
Shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn't faze me

Ain't being cocky we just vindicated, best believe that when we're done
This moment will be syndicated, I don't know 
This night just reminds me of
Everything that they deprived me of, kuhh!
P-p-p-p-p-put ya drinks up, it's a celebration every time we link up
We done did everything they can think of
Greatness is what we on the brink of

I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive

Drake:
Yeahh
Yeaahh
Yeahh, ugh

What I tell 'em hoes bow bow bow to me, drop down to ya knees
Young Money the mafia that's word to Lil' Cease
I'm in the Dominican Big Papi Ortiz
Doin' target practice all these bitches just aiming to please
Shout-out to the CEO, 500 degrees

Shout-out to the OVO where we set for T's, oooow
Niggas wanna be friends, how coincidental?
This supposed to be y'all year we ain't get the memo
A young king, pay me in gold

40 got a bunch of weed he ain't even roll
These niggas be droppin' songs they ain't even cold
Weezy on top and that nigga ain't even home, yet!
Yeaah, be very afraid these other rappers getting bodied and carried away
Fuck it, me and Nicki Nick gettin' married today

And all you bitches that be hatin' can catch a bouquet, ooo
Yeah, you a star in my eyes, you and all them white girls party of five
Are we drinking a lil' more? I can hardly decide.
I can't believe we really made it I'm partly surprised, I swear

Daaamn, this one for the books, man!
I swear this shit is as fun as it looks, man!
I'm really tryin' to make it more than what it is,
'Cuz everybody dies but not everybody lives! (Ooh!)

Nicki Minaj:
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive

This is my moment, I waited all my life I can tell it's time
Drifting away I'm one with the sunsets, I have become alive

I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
'Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive